Blogging.
So let's try to make Ah an update to the different tasks.
So we got to do a new bass line.
We have three it I host but need to get an update.
So if you remember we can go with dramady directly or we need to choose stage based.
So I chose stage based.
So you see the bass line profile.
We check this one then next then it true the difference is I how's that need you to download.
You can download them all for you if I want.
Or two or three.
So to save time of course they have the same file so it will download the same file.
It's will not be the difference when you chose 3 or 1.
But in my situation I will apply example into it because I want because I can't apply this update to
it because I treat when it will reboot I will lost the sense of server that exist in Isak's I number
three.
So for that we'll concentrate on the Isak's I want.
Maybe we can do Isak's I talk together.
So we click next.
It should decide about a different one that can be upgraded.
Number of the holes to mean this Feistel not exist yet.
It should be downloaded next then how much costs how much each line how much birched necessary.
It's about 15 pages that need to be downloaded.
So we collect next and do state Bache will start it will start downloading the defendant Bache of it
even scanning object Isak's I want it's kind of an object E-6 Aitu And let's give it a little time to
complete to download policies
so it start downloading some fine that is about it different and find thought Gagin of Bartsch Isak's
I do different name of the page that need to be done the
saw you see it start making some stage for different musics.
I host so the thought process in not changed shape and dienen how Stage 4 is X I want task's stage then
for the ESX.
I too thought we sin except if we select is x.
I host it with stage.
All of them
so it's look like a two stage process will take more time.
So I will cancel this process to not losing more time because I found that the file downloaded are big
fine so it will take a lot of time and will slow your environment.
Of course the stage process integration about the speed connection you have if you have a slow connection
due process will be too.
Longer if you have a fast connection to process it will be a little faster.
So they just ignore staged process and just give you a quick overview about how to apply do updates.
Of course in our example will not going to update because the stage process didn't complete So the next
will see how to apply do update.